Q: How do I turn off notifications for donor integration?
A:
Steps:
1. Go to General Settings > Notification Settings on the organization dashboard.
2. Scroll to the "Sync Status" section.
3. Toggle off both email and bell notifications for integration updates.

Q: What volunteer activity syncs with Donor?
A:
When volunteer activity syncs with Donor, it creates an interaction on the constituent's timeline.
This includes the opportunity name and hours worked.

Q: Why can’t a volunteer see an opportunity on the mobile app?
A:
Ensure the opportunity is set to "Live."
Steps:
1. Open the opportunity.
2. Click the mobile device icon in the top-right corner.
3. Turn the visibility toggle on.

Q: How do I add a waiver for volunteers?
A:
Steps:
1. Navigate to Recruitment > Form Questions on the organization dashboard.
2. Enable the "Organization Waiver" option.
3. Ensure "Form Questions" are turned on in Signup Workflow Settings to include the waiver in the sign-up process.


Q: How do I connect Bloomerang Donor to Bloomerang Volunteer?
A:
We have a great help article that goes over how to connect these two systems. It also goes over what kind of data will flow between the two systems.
About Bloomerang Volunteer: https://support.bloomerang.co/s/article/13000100822

Q: How do I create a shift?
A: 
To create a shift, follow these steps:

1. First, create a role to go along with the shift. To do this, navigate to the opportunity and click on the "Roles and Qualifications" tab.
2. On the "Roles and Qualifications" page, click the green "New Role" button at the top right. From the dropdown menu, select "Create New Role" or "Copy Role from Another Opportunity."
3. If you choose to create a new role, make sure to fill in all the required fields. Be sure to click the green "Save" button once you've filled everything in to save your changes.

Once the roles are created, follow these steps:

4. Navigate to the "Schedule" tab.
5. Click the green "Shifts" button.
6. Click the "Add Roles" to this shift, then select the roles you want associated with this shift.
7. Fill in the necessary fields, including the time and date of the shift.
8. Once everything is set up the way you want, click the green "Done" button.

Your shift will now be created!

